After all that hard work, you finally show your designs to Bruno Habitual.
Does Bruno like it?
Well, Bruno absolutely loves it.
He has been so inspired by your design work that he even got a really cool new hat.
Check it out.
He wants to be a designer too now because, well, he just wants to create beautiful products like you.
Good job getting this far in the course.
Bruno's happy, and I hope you're happy too, because you learned a lot.
But here's the thing.
Remember this diagram that we saw at the beginning of the course?
We've just completed our planning and design phase.
We've taken on the role of a designer and have created a product.
But now we have a critical part, which is the handoff to the development team.
Usually you hand off your designs to developers so that they can actually build the product and launch
it.
So how does it work as a designer when you work with developers?
Let's find out.